Inline Elephant Toast
=====================

While on a safari trip in an African savannah you find N gray elephants looking
a bit confused. Strangely, each elephant is holding a glass of champagne with
its trunk. As soon as they see you approach, one of them shouts to you and asks
for help.

As it turns out, this group of big, gray and smart mammals is having a
celebration because all of them advanced to the world finals of an important
international programming competition. They want to make a toast: they will
raise their glasses, clink them together with the other elephants, and drink.

To make things a bit more interesting, however, they've decided to do this
while standing in a straight line. First, the elephants will pair up in an
arbitrary way and each pair of elephants will clink their glasses together (all
at the same time). Then, they will choose another way of pairing up and clink
their glasses again. They will continue doing this until they've exhausted all
possible ways of pairing up.

But not all ways of pairing up are possible. If the trunks of the elephants
cross paths in the air they might become entangled, so they need to avoid that.
For example, suppose there are four elephants aligned in this way:

            Dumbo    Jumbo    Catty    Giddy

It's perfectly fine if Dumbo pairs up with Jumbo and Catty pairs up with Giddy
at the same time. Dumbo could also pair up with Giddy while Jumbo pairs up with
Catty. But if Dumbo paired up with Catty and Jumbo paired up with Giddy, their
trunks would cross in the air, so that's not a possible way to pair up.

Despite being very good programmers, they have no idea how to count the number
of possible ways to pair up. That's why they're confused and need you to solve
the problem for them.

Note: this breed of elephants has very long trunks, so even the elephants at
both ends of the line can reach each other if they decide to clink their glasses.

Input:
------

The input will contain several test cases. Each test case consists of an even
number N >= 2 in its own line.

A single 0 will follow the last test case.

Output:
-------

For each test case output the number of ways the N elephants can pair up and
clink their glasses together without getting their trunks entangled.

Example Input:
--------------

2
4
6
0

Example Output:
---------------

1
2
5
